[Modular] Add Custom Blocks guide to doc (#12339)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/modular_diffusers/custom_blocks.md

        return images, prompts

    @torch.no_grad()
    def __call__(self, components, state: PipelineState) -> PipelineState:
        block_state = self.get_block_state(state)
        images, annotation_task_prompt = self.prepare_inputs(
            block_state.image, block_state.annotation_prompt
        )
        task = block_state.annotation_task
        fill = block_state.fill

        annotations = self.get_annotations(
            components, images, annotation_task_prompt, task
        )
        block_state.annotations = annotations
        if block_state.annotation_output_type == "mask_image":
            block_state.mask_image = self.prepare_mask(images, annotations)
        else:
            block_state.mask_image = None

        if block_state.annotation_output_type == "mask_overlay":
            block_state.image = self.prepare_mask(images, annotations, overlay=True, fill=fill)

        elif block_state.annotation_output_type == "bounding_box":
            block_state.image = self.prepare_bounding_boxes(images, annotations)

        self.set_block_state(state, block_state)

        return components, state
```

> Now that we have defined our custom block, we can save it as a model repository on the Huggingface Hub so that it is easy to share and reuse.
> 
> There are two ways to save the block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save the custom block to the Hub, from either the CLI or with the [`push_to_hub`] method, so you can easily share and reuse it.
```

1. From the CLI

```shell
# In the folder with the `block.py` file, run:
diffusers-cli custom_block
```

Then upload the block to the Hub:

```shell
hf upload <your repo id> . .
```

2. From Python

```py
from block import Florence2ImageAnnotatorBlock
block = Florence2ImageAnnotatorBlock()
block.push_to_hub("<your repo id>")
```

> ## Using the Custom Block

Reviewer: Probably don't need a separate header for this

```suggestion
```

> Let's use this custom block in an inpainting workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load the custom block with [`~ModularPipelineBlocks.from_pretrained`] and set `trust_remote_code=True`.
```
